the gouge dye manager plays an orc
Blitzer in the opposing team zone on the
gutter run highlight and uses the
blitzes tackle skill against a scab and
thrower star power notes how effective a
player is when committed to a highlight
each player has a standing and a downed
star power number this number is used
for both tackle attempts and scoring
during a tackle attempt the number of
tackled I roll depends on the star power
matchup between the player who is being
tackled and the player who is tackling
if the tackle of star power is greater
than his target he rolls two dice and
chooses a result of his choice if star
powers are equal heroes one die and if
the tackle of star power is less than
his target he rolls to die but must
allow the target to choose a result the
orc Blitzer has a star power of 3/2 the
Skaven throw a star power of 2 which
means that the gouged eye manager will
roll two dice and choose which die
result to apply the gouged eye manager
rolls one target down and one target
missed he chooses the target down and
the Skaven thrower is downed which drops
his star power number and forces him to
drop the ball returning it to mid field
next the gouge die manager must place a
cheat token on the orc Blitzer which is
later revealed in the scoreboard phase
the grudge bearers manager now plays a
troll slayer on the intentional pounding
highlight which brings his team star
power up to 4 the troll Slayer also has
a cheat icon which he must use and a
tackle skill which can't be used because
there is currently no opposing team the
Reichmann manager plays a human Blitzer
on the intentional pounding highlight he
then uses the blitzes tackle skill
against the opposing troll Slayer they
have equal star power
so the Reich hland manager will only
roll one
the Ryker manager rolls our target down
but the dwarf long beard has a guard
ability which reads when an opposing
player successfully tackles one of your
players you may apply the dice result to
this player instead the grudge bearers
troll slayer is left standing but the
dwarf long beard is downed the RIKEN
Blitzer also has an ability which reads
if this player successfully tackles an
opposing player he gains passing this
allows the Blitzer to gain control of
the ball play continues until all team
managers have exhausted their hand once
all players are being committed the
managers move on to the scoreboard phase